#journal 
morning
I've fixed the issue of balise not being detected properly I think. I no longer have the issue of AMCnoCompleteMulti that sticks to the following string of character and it is porperly terminated. 

I'm going to try to make it so that when we have a "begin{document}" we try to look into it recursively.
that should solve the issue a bit 
I kinda did just fix it but the solution is DIGUSTING
but I'm slightly too MEH too fix it 

I think my next task is to deal with the whole AMCopen format, I think i'll need to rethink the entire json structure for this one 

current json structure : 
```json
{
 "questions":[
  {
   "theme" : string,
   "assignement": string,
   "answers": [
    {
	 "correct": boolean,
	 "alafin": boolean,
	 "content": string
    }
   ], 
   "questionmult": boolean,
   "bareme": {},
   "media": []
  }
 ]
}
```

I think we're going to need to change a few things 
we'll need to add a field "type" inside questions
the content of type will determine the type of question it represents. 


```json
{
 "questions":[
  {
   "theme" : string,
   "assignement": string,
   "type" : string,
   "answers": [
    {
	 "bareme": {},
	 "correct": boolean,
	 "alafin": boolean,
	 "content": string
    }
   ], 
   "bareme": {},
   "media": []
  }
 ]
}
```

if the type is openAMC then naturally the answer field would be empty. questionmult field has been removed, instead of doing this we'll precise the type of the question in the string "type" so that the user may use it later on Platon to automatize the usage. 

afternoon I fixed a few things on the parser and I started implementing an exercice on Platon using it. 
I have to work on my computer now since it's kinda broken the uni's computers lack the most recent versions of python

tomorrow I'll continue working on the parser and I'll publish a new version along with exercices fixed to work with this format. 